Create design-document-template.md (#203)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: guidelines/design-document-template.md

# Design Document - My proposal 

> Author : **myemail@email.com**
> Date : Oct 2020
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We don't need these duplicated in the doc, as they're rather directly available from the edit history.

## Overview 

### Motivation
Motivation to have this design document 

### Examples &  Prior Art 
Examples or references in how other solved similar or same problems

> ```
> Hi,{mf}!
> ```
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This doesn't seem relevant.

## Design 

> Discuss any background and motivation not already in the summary above. Give implementation details and all posible alternatives to solve the problem including affectations to other components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discuss any background and motivation not already in the summary above. Give implementation details and possible alternatives to solve the problem including effects on other components.
```

Explicitly requiring consideration of _all_ alternatives is rather a lot to ask for.

Reviewer 2: > implementation details

They don't belong in a design document.
Behavior does.

> 

Reviewer 2: What needs to be in a design document:

# Goals and non-goals

# Alternatives considered and trade-offs

Since we got to a design document it means there is no one solution that everybody agrees that is perfect.
So there are obviously trade-offs.

This would be the "meat" of the design document, as it explains how the trade-offs are balanced.

## APIs  (probably sub-section for each alternative in "Alternatives considered" 

The APIs section should include signatures.
Should also include explanations on what they do, if not obvious.
Behavior described as pseudo-code.
But behavior is not implementation.

It is also useful to show how the APIs are invoked by the developer, the proper sequence in normal use.
